Do you know this necklace?
Well, it's expensive, isn't it?
I don't know.
My dad told me to give it to you.
I'll help you carry it.
I also heard that the captain himself went to Paris the night before.
Bought a necklace of the ocean heart at auction
Two hundred million.
Who did you say this was for?
Thank you. I love it.
You have to thank my father.
He gave it to you.
Do you know Bach Hun Yeon?
Looks like the daughter of my former nanny.
Because my heart is not right, like me, without success, my father sent me abroad.
Do you two have good feelings?
Not familiar.
What's going on?
You're welcome. Go home for lunch.
What are you doing?
I heard that before I didn't come back, you beat Dung Thien.
Do you know what your name is?
This is called Little Three.
Miss Bai, don't get too involved.
You said you were married to Captain Ip.
Where's the marriage certificate?